Add functionality to produce QR codes (#2887)
Uninett/nav: changelog.d/2887.added.md

> Add functionality to create QR codes to a given url

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add library utilities to produce QR codes to arbitrary URLs, for use in upcoming features
```
